Sandra's iPhone: Hi.
Hi.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are you
Sandra's iPhone: Are you out that I sat here all afternoon waiting for my our meeting. And then I got watching some stupid thing about Tesla, and I went, oh
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's okay. I was doing other things too. So nobody
Sandra's iPhone: Oh, good. Okay.
Sandra's iPhone: All right. How are you doing,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm good, how are you
Sandra's iPhone: Good. Are you staying well
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, steam. Well, so far no no sickness. I keep getting bouts of sinus stuff.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A BLAST for 24 hours and then goes away. So I'm not complaining. I'll take a sign is cold over anything else.
Sandra's iPhone: Right. No kidding.
Sandra's iPhone: I'm doing good today. I was a little queasy all day and I don't know why, but it's kind of scary.
Sandra's iPhone: You know, but if you don't get queasy is this coronavirus
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now it. There's all kinds of different symptoms. I heard. So yeah, no, it can't be too careful. Anyway, it's my understanding.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just, you know, pay attention. Who was it that see went to the doctors
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because they were experiencing just like a regular flu just regular flu.
Sandra's iPhone: I think Bill
Sandra's iPhone: Hi, Michelle.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know if somebody else because they got through with the Z path that they give you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It was my niece, sorry.
Sandra's iPhone: Alright.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright, she wound up going back to spittle with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The symptoms of the virus her test came out negative but it started out with some stuff. So, um,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright, just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just be careful, you know, how's everything going
Sandra's iPhone: Okay.
Sandra's iPhone: Pretty good. My
Sandra's iPhone: My middle son came over here this weekend or this week he spent the last couple of days over here.
Sandra's iPhone: And they quit. They shut. They closed all the liquor stores in New Mexico as of this morning at 8am or something.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah, and my oldest son is drinks about oh one of those with the handle of Crown Royal. A day
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Whoo.
Sandra's iPhone: And I don't know how to, you know, approach him about
Sandra's iPhone: You know that's it'll kill him quick
Sandra's iPhone: Within a younger, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah, it's too much. I knew a girl at Canyon Lake that was drinking like that and she she died promptly, you know, within a few years.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's a lot alcohol.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah, so I just don't know how to, you know, because I've been so wrong in my life. I haven't wanted to say anything about anybody else's problem.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Sandra's iPhone: I love him. And I don't want him to kill himself. And that's what he's doing.
Sandra's iPhone: But try to tell me that when I was using meth and heroin.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's like, no, that's not happen. What are you talking about
Me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's not gonna happen to me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right now that the liquor stores are closed.
Sandra's iPhone: Oh, they went and bought $600 worth of Crown Royal. Last night, so my two older boys.
Sandra's iPhone: But
Sandra's iPhone: Preston said it was only 10 handles that'll asked him 10 days.
Sandra's iPhone: But I'm scared after those 10 days.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Sandra's iPhone: I'd be in the hospital.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah detoxing from alcohol. It definitely you know can cause so many problems.
Sandra's iPhone: Problems.
Sandra's iPhone: You know I'm didn't I really didn't
Sandra's iPhone: I mean, when they throw people in jail and you're in jail and their details from alcohol. They'll take him to the hospital. Yeah.
Sandra's iPhone: And when you're detained from heroin. My roommate was was a heroin addict. The when I was in jail, and she was, she went through the more details from heroin. Oh my god.
Sandra's iPhone: But they didn't ever take her anywhere you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, because, you know, the idea is, is that you won't die from detoxing from Berlin, but you could from detoxing from alcohol.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, so you know that's why that's the mindset, even though. However, it could cause a plethora of issues you know definitely a beauty got pre existing medical conditions for sure, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So what's been happening. How's
Sandra's iPhone: This working, doing I'm doing good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Sandra's iPhone: Good really tired afterwards, after I get off and I don't ever go see my oldest son, you know, very much. I go about once a weekend I guess because
Sandra's iPhone: I don't want to be around his drinking really
You know,
Sandra's iPhone: And I work with them all day so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Sandra's iPhone: Offer ready to come home, you know, but
Sandra's iPhone: I just, I don't know what I can do to help him. It's just really tough for me.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah, and then anything
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's a piece of it though that says because of your history and because of your past experience you know you are definitely a good person to be able to approach him with a concern and base it off of your experience and just leave it at that. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, you definitely don't have to go into any in depth, you know, conversation but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can definitely bring it up to him with what you know some of the things that you learned in that
Sandra's iPhone: In
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That amount of alcohol. It could definitely be detrimental to his liver and you would sure hate to have anything have been, you know, to him.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah.
You know,
Sandra's iPhone: I you know I asked him about his liver and he goes, oh my, you know, it's fine. My doctor, Sam. Fine.
Sandra's iPhone: And I mean, I want to go marching over there and go, Okay, let me see your, your blood work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. Let me look and you know the question is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How much is actually came because what happens is that, you know, generally, people with alcoholism minimize their, their you
Sandra's iPhone: Know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To professional. So, you know,
Sandra's iPhone: So I, I know all about it, you know, but
Sandra's iPhone: Because my Preston was over here and Sean called Preston up and
Sandra's iPhone: Press. Oh, Sean said, Oh, I feel better and and and I said, Yeah, I know what you guys were doing last night. Nice. Like what, and I go party. And he goes, Nah.
Sandra's iPhone: We were partying. We only bought 10 handles.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We all only bought
Sandra's iPhone: It didn't say that, but I know that, wow.
Sandra's iPhone: Amen told me you know
Yeah.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's a, that's a heavy weight for you to carry especially, you know, knowing be different if you didn't know you know what the outcome can be. But you do
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, you have the experience and the knowledge and the know how you know yeah and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, that's just a just a
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Something to think about. If you make the decision to approach him. But you know, it's just about out of concern because you do know you know
Yeah.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Period.
Sandra's iPhone: I kindly. I kind of already have, like, last week I went in his office and I sat down and I started saying, Well, you know, we sure need you around.
Sandra's iPhone: And then somebody came in and he kicks me out, but
Sandra's iPhone: I just, I don't know what to do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's a definitely a pickle, you know,
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Please. What about what about your husband, being able to have a conversation with them.
Sandra's iPhone: Know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If you like, no, no.
Sandra's iPhone: No, that wouldn't work. You know he he just pretty much tells us. I'm a grown man. And that's what I like to do and I have money now and that's what I'm gonna do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah.
All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know that that that's, you know, yes you know definitely is option, you know, there's nothing we can do.
Sandra's iPhone: But yeah, he says he wants to quit and see he's on Suboxone and he used to be on to eight a day and then he started getting
Sandra's iPhone: Off Suboxone and then that's when he started drinking more
Sandra's iPhone: And so I've told him already. I said, Well, you know, probably the reason you're drinking more is because you went down on your Suboxone
Sandra's iPhone: You know, I just don't want to be on that data. You know, I don't want to be on anything and
Sandra's iPhone: I want to quit alcohol and
Sandra's iPhone: I told him, I said, you know, it might be wise, just to go back on more Suboxone so you don't drink as much
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah, and it wouldn't be near as bad if it didn't involve my six year old grandson, and then today. There's a one of his coworker. See, he is part owner of a bank to. And so one of his co workers is going to donate her for eggs to them.
Sandra's iPhone: So they can have more kids and having more kids. I don't know why he's drinking like that, you know, cuz I don't
Sandra's iPhone: Drink is when they everything gets really good. That's one of the drink.
Sandra's iPhone: John's had more experience with alcoholics than me, I guess.
Sandra's iPhone: He was
That was an alcoholic.
Sandra's iPhone: And now in a dad.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so, yeah. He does. He has good experience.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But
Sandra's iPhone: Alcohol is the worst drug ever. And then after they said that last night I went over here to Walgreens. And I stand in line. And there is this guy in front of me with these three big candles of vodka.
Sandra's iPhone: And I looked at him and I go, Well, I'm sure glad I ain't no alcoholic.
Sandra's iPhone: I probably
Sandra's iPhone: Thought at that moment.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I couldn't. What do you say,
Sandra's iPhone: Like releasing this said that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, well, how long are the liquor store is going to be closed in definitely or
Sandra's iPhone: Till the end of the month.
Sandra's iPhone: At this point, Lord.
Sandra's iPhone: I know that we live it hundred miles from El Paso. So, I mean, if you're if I I used to go down to El Paso to get method that at and I would go every morning before work and I had to be at work at nine.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I
Sandra's iPhone: Drive down there, get my dose and drive back and go to work every day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hundred miles. That's 200 miles.
Sandra's iPhone: And miles in the morning before work. And then when I get off at 530 I go to work at the bar at nine work till two
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How did you do that.
Sandra's iPhone: I don't know. I had
Sandra's iPhone: A home to them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh Lord, that's
Sandra's iPhone: Major drugs.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Major drugs. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Really because getting over to having to be up about and on the road by five, six and then worked full day work full night.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah, yeah, it was nuts. I did a lot of drugs to maintain that for a while.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow. Well, I'm glad you survived.
Sandra's iPhone: I am too, you know, real glad I was just thinking that today. I should have done a lot of shit I should not be alive, you know,
Sandra's iPhone: I'm glad I am
Sandra's iPhone: Glad
crazy stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So how's the house coming
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's
Sandra's iPhone: Coming good john repaired the roof and fix the roof on the main house and now he's ripping off the roof on that garage and he's going to put a metal roof on the garage for now.
Sandra's iPhone: Cool.
Sandra's iPhone: I haven't been over there and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: See what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What
Sandra's iPhone: I work at my job. I haven't been over there at all working. I'm kind of feeling guilty about it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, it's kind of hard when you're working full days, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You hold it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's like, yeah, you're, you know, you're trying to and you want to but you know working full time and you've got to have time to rest us have to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Ya know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I get it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But he is. He's a trooper.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He's going over there handling business.
Sandra's iPhone: Is a sure
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We're just good
Sandra's iPhone: So is Tuesday at seven and good time for you every week for me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, let me
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's totally fine with me. It's six my time seven year time. So yeah, I've just got to make sure what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What I'm coming against is that if I don't have my regular occurring appointments on my next week, you know, we're so busy that they will just put in, you know, like so. I've got to make sure I get those slots.
Sandra's iPhone: Get those people in the right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, two or three weeks in it ahead of time or, you know, they'll fill them. And, you know, definitely. Again, it's because they're so busy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So let me
Sandra's iPhone: Eat why we're sitting here.
Sandra's iPhone: Because I had email view right before our group or not emailed you I had went to the virtual clinic.
Sandra's iPhone: And asked her if I could get an appointment with you last week because it was for before group and I was going to ask if we could just if we could meet every week and she called me back and she was going to schedule me an appointment for the 14th at seven.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Uh huh.
Sandra's iPhone: And I, I said, Well, I have an appointment with her on the seventh at seven. And she goes, Okay, well, you just need to clarify that with her then switch
Sandra's iPhone: Okay. Oh.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah.
Sandra's iPhone: I'll do this. I didn't call the virtual clinic tonight before I called you. I don't know if I supposed to. I wouldn't have had enough time because I called late
Sandra's iPhone: Every other week for the she was in that group with us. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What, now, what do you say
Sandra's iPhone: Oh, on Friday afternoons, he's worried. He's gonna have to go answer the phones.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And the doctor said you do you only had to go in every he was good with that as long as you and I continued.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Weekly check ins. Right. Okay.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's what I thought. Okay, let me make sure that I get you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, I'm just doing it right now. Really fast so that way it's done.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And there's no
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: boo boos
Sandra's iPhone: So, you know,
Sandra's iPhone: Go ahead, you live near Oakland.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right now I am in Castle.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Something or other
Sandra's iPhone: No idea in the castle.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm in the castle.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah, my husband used to live in Concord.
Sandra's iPhone: Call
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I was
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I was in Sacramento.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, yeah. And in Pharaoh's and we just move or moving
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And we're actually
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In the process of moving. Actually, to be honest with you and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It got really chaotic Lee crazy
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Trying to move and make sure the house was clean and
Sandra's iPhone: Right.
You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, I know. So yeah, you know,
Yeah.
Sandra's iPhone: I do. Sorry.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Though
Let's anyway.
Sandra's iPhone: My son just stepped on
Sandra's iPhone: It presently me. I got super glue on the land. So I tried to scream. Nice.
Sandra's iPhone: Wider. Oh my goodness. Okay, I don't need any glasses.
Sandra's iPhone: Good thing I have another pair of work. I'll get on tomorrow.
All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There I have you scheduled all through. Me too.
Sandra's iPhone: Oh, good. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right way it's done. And we don't have to worry about it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well,
Sandra's iPhone: I gotta tell you what I did, and I think that's why I'm crazy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Cuz you're doing
Sandra's iPhone: Friday go down on my soapbox oh
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh yeah, that's probably why you're crazy.
Yeah.
Sandra's iPhone: Well, I went back up the, you know, I went down to milligrams, but then today. I was like, freaking out. I wasn't sitting in john had to come out to the phones because I was in the bathroom so much
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh,
Sandra's iPhone: Oh, horrible. And so I took another milligram. So, uh, I'm not gonna go down right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and you probably want to do that we're
Sandra's iPhone: telling me what to do.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah yeah I
Sandra's iPhone: Wouldn't
Sandra's iPhone: Going
To do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What
Sandra's iPhone: I said I should just let Chris, tell me what to do. But I'm so rebellious. I try to do everything on my own all the time. You know, it's like, oh,
Sandra's iPhone: You don't want to do that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you don't and I don't if you're late. Just know you're, you have to check in with the virtual clinic. I want to get back to that really fast.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That definitely needs to happen and it's just because they are the ones that work with your insurance company, they're the ones that deal with all that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, yeah, and
Sandra's iPhone: All them after I hang up with you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and just tell them, or I can tell them
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, that you were here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They had actually somebody else in
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In your spot and that for our BIOS like that that person didn't show up.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So it was actually perfect. I was like, oh, oh, yeah, yeah.
Sandra's iPhone: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. It totally worked out so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No worries. Okay there. I forgot to do one piece of
Sandra's iPhone: It is because I can't see hardly anything and everything solid really fuzzy. So I'm trying. I don't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know what do you get to do that no glasses.
Sandra's iPhone: I have some more at work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Sandra's iPhone: Have some at my at my sisters. Yes, far away. It's not close. Yeah, I can see far away, but not close up.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Ah, that's me do
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I can't see close up either
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: At all. So tell me what what prompted you to want to go down on your soapbox them.
Sandra's iPhone: Because I'm afraid that
Sandra's iPhone: The world's gonna run out of it. And then I'm gonna just one day not get any so and I don't
Sandra's iPhone: See dogs enough eight milligrams
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Um, and so is your plan to start tapering off of it or
Sandra's iPhone: I don't know. I'm not sure if I need to do that or not. I don't think it would be very wise right now with
Sandra's iPhone: I want to
Sandra's iPhone: But
Sandra's iPhone: I don't know if that's the best thing for me or not. Right now, you know,
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It definitely talk to me. Talk to the doctor, you know, you don't want to put yourself at any kind of risk.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, I don't.
Sandra's iPhone: And
Sandra's iPhone: Cigarettes first. Yeah, I do. I do need to quit smoking cigarettes. I just downloaded a quit smoking app today, I'm gonna give it another try.
Sandra's iPhone: Maybe I'll be able to do it this time. Really try, but it's really hard because I work with two people that are chain smokers and I'm the only one on there with them, you know, it's me. And then, though, and what are the only ones that smoke because we're there all
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have you tried or thought about hypnotherapy
Sandra's iPhone: I've already done it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, yeah.
Sandra's iPhone: I did that back in the 80s, trying to quit.
And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did it work.
No.
Sandra's iPhone: No.
Sandra's iPhone: No, no.
Sandra's iPhone: I thought it was a bunch of, who do you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I went to a
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Stop smoking seminar him with him hypnosis hypnosis therapy seminar.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In January of last year. And so it was a group and you know I had already quit smoking cigarettes, but I was smoke vapor
And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When I walked out of there. I didn't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Again for
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: About six or seven months.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, I totally and I think a lot of it is that the mindset to
Sandra's iPhone: It is it totally
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know it is. It's a big piece of it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is the mindset.
Sandra's iPhone: That goes when i when i get thrown in jail. I can quit smoking, like that.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, you don't want
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You don't want to have to be thrown in jail to quit smoking.
Sandra's iPhone: I know I was just thinking last night. Dang, why did they cut off the alcohol and not the cigarettes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They knock on wood that might be next you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Never know.
Sandra's iPhone: Then I wouldn't have to go to jail to quit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, right.
Sandra's iPhone: No, I'm not planning on going to daily
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I don't think you are either
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: along there.
Sandra's iPhone: No, I don't know, I don't
Know,
Sandra's iPhone: About when I did have to be there.
Sandra's iPhone: At least, I would. I mean, I was an older person. So people respected me and stuff and were nice to me and one girl one. Yeah. Yeah. One girl to marry me.
Sandra's iPhone: This big black girl wait about 350 pounds.
Sandra's iPhone: Oh wow, he was like madly in love with me and I was like, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Give me out of here quickly.
Sandra's iPhone: I have my mother in law drive from Texas and bring me my wedding ring and sneak it into me and
Sandra's iPhone: At the visitation.
Sandra's iPhone: Oh, so I know
Sandra's iPhone: Fingering. Oh my god.
Sandra's iPhone: Did that help. Oh yeah, she left me alone right after right after that she just dropped me and she's still like me, but
Sheila. Sheila.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh my gosh. That would be
Sandra's iPhone: Crazy. It was it was crazy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So how have you been dealing with the stress of all of this stuff. I know that you know you've been, you know, really. Ah, about it. I'm going to work in to being around other people and stuff. How is that been working out.
Sandra's iPhone: Well, at work, I pretty much stay away from everybody I've moved from the front counter down to a desk.
Sandra's iPhone: So I'm not sitting at the front counter greeting every single person that walks in all day. Anyways, I do it for in the morning for a little while. Well, I've got it.
Sandra's iPhone: I've got three different computer setup desk places that I i move around to ones in the back office where I do my meeting with you guys.
Sandra's iPhone: And I have one at my
Sandra's iPhone: My new desk.
Sandra's iPhone: My son just bought he bought a cherry wood desk. It's really nice.
Sandra's iPhone: And
Sandra's iPhone: That there and I write cards out
Sandra's iPhone: And then I do most of my posting because I have to post for era Simmons real estate, so I gotta take your other page now that we don't have any face to face sales.
Sandra's iPhone: So I'm doing a lot of posting and mail outs, you know, to drum up business.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What about are you guys doing like virtual
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: showings and stuff like that. Like a lot of places places are
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah yeah
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is that easier than face to face.
Sandra's iPhone: Actually we're doing well i don't i'm not an agent or a broker anymore. I'm not
Sandra's iPhone: I don't want that he wants to come out here and buy a house, she could live like a king.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You
Sandra's iPhone: All sold on New Mexico.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah.
Sandra's iPhone: But
Sandra's iPhone: I don't know what I say. Now, honey.
Sandra's iPhone: House for probably one 10th of what one costs out there. I know, man.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh wow, that's crazy.
I know
Sandra's iPhone: Anyway,
Sandra's iPhone: I'm trying to stay away from everybody. I get to leave an hour and a half early
Sandra's iPhone: But I kind of had a little bit of a problem with this other chick that I work with. She's the new office manager.
Sandra's iPhone: And she comes in when she feels like it. She don't have any kind of set schedule.
Sandra's iPhone: You know she works about three hours a day and gets paid 2500 a month, while I'm working eight and a half and making 1500 1400
Sandra's iPhone: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's crazy.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah, I've had a little chip on my shoulder about it. So she's supposed to be my boss but i i send her or, you know, pictures of the work at work.
Sandra's iPhone: And then she tells me I'm on my way and
Sandra's iPhone: But if I don't tell her, like, can you be here by 1030 or 11 or whenever you know I don't ask her to come before 1030
Sandra's iPhone: And
Sandra's iPhone: It's, I don't know.
Sandra's iPhone: I guess I have to put up with it right now because of the corona IRS, but
Sandra's iPhone: I don't know. I think that people shouldn't take advantage of other people. If she's only working halftime she should only be getting paid halftime
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's true.
Sandra's iPhone: You know, I feel
Sandra's iPhone: That I breeze.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What did she bring to the table that's more exceptional you know than what anybody else does.
No, no.
Sandra's iPhone: It's nothing that I couldn't do somebody showed me, you know,
Yeah.
Sandra's iPhone: So I basically take all these
Sandra's iPhone: Except
Sandra's iPhone: I've taken over all of her duties, because she's not not over there, you know. So I do that a lot of the paperwork and all of the marketing and all of that. So,
Sandra's iPhone: But
Sandra's iPhone: I can't let it bother me because I only get a resentment and I don't have one right now so I you know I'm trying to stay on top of that, by, like, and today I took a picture of the work and send it to her and she goes, oh, I'm on my way and that was like 1115
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, and you're aware of
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah, he's aware of it, he got there before she did today.
Sandra's iPhone: And then he was there before she got there. And then he was there when she left. So, you know, she was there probably from I don't know 1130 or so to 320
Sandra's iPhone: And he was there in her
Sandra's iPhone: And that's usually she's there longer than him are supposed to be anyway.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Sandra's iPhone: Roman season yes coronavirus everybody's got an excuse to rip somebody off.
You know,
Sandra's iPhone: I don't, we'll just do what's right and
Sandra's iPhone: The live with myself. I can't even hardly live with myself.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah, I know a lot of people are saying it painful, if I wanted to stay home. I could stay home and he wouldn't pay me though.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, see,
Sandra's iPhone: The thing I know
Sandra's iPhone: If it was me doing it, he could, he wouldn't pay me. But since it's very unfair huh
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But, and you know, there's also, I don't know if you've checked into
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Into it, but you know everybody's getting unemployment, if they can't go in the office.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know that's one option.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. You know, if you just get to a point where, you know, you just can't do it. Just know that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, that's definitely an option.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right that everybody's getting
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, I don't like an added bonus or something. Sorry.
Sandra's iPhone: I only go work there since October 28
Sandra's iPhone: I don't know how long you have to work to be on it before you can get on an island.
Sandra's iPhone: Oh, they did. They took away that exemption really even if you're self employed, you can claim on in Florida. Oh, wow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so, you know, just know that if you get too uncomfortable that you can definitely look into that and that would be an option to still have income and keep yourself safe.
You know, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely and did before you came to work with him. Did you have another job.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah, I drove a truck. Well john and I owned our trucking business. I guess we did. I don't really know. I drove a truck. That's all I know.
Sandra's iPhone: But not right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, yeah.
Sandra's iPhone: Not right before I guess we quit that john got so bad with his arthritis and his asthma that he couldn't go anymore so
Sandra's iPhone: We were unemployed and just floating for like six months before I made the decision to move here.
Sandra's iPhone: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I was on was definitely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's. Oh, you were
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Yeah, it's definitely something to look into, you know, to see, you know, and I don't what it's my understand. Sorry, I just ran my hand over the
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, it's definitely something to to explore to look into, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Get to a point where you're you know where you're really struggle.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To work because you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You don't want anything that's going to put you at risk, you know,
Sandra's iPhone: No, no.
Sandra's iPhone: No.
Sandra's iPhone: No, to think about. Yeah.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah, so, but I really like my job. I'm glad I'm there. I feel like, you know,
Sandra's iPhone: I look at it as a blessing, you know,
Sandra's iPhone: I don't look at it as
Sandra's iPhone: A drudgery, again, you know, I'm happy and I'm the one that sets the tone for the office. Now, you know, pretty much.
Sandra's iPhone: Oh, I can't be in a bad mood.
Sandra's iPhone: It, it would just not be good.
Sandra's iPhone: Now with 20
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So for me, it's like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Maybe he's got the wrong person in the office manager position.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Sandra's iPhone: He already thinks so himself. He knows he knows he's spoiled her and it's not being good.
Sandra's iPhone: His wife calls or his work life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh really,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh my gosh. So as long as you're safe and you're okay. And you're not stressing out about going into work. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Just make sure you keep yourself safe, you know,
Sandra's iPhone: I would say I have six good days to everyone bad. So that's pretty good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Pretty good. Yeah. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's pretty good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you still in touch with your sponsor and working with your sponsor.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah.
I am. Okay, good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good, good. Stay connected. You know what
Sandra's iPhone: She's we talked, probably for two hours. The other day she's okay. She's my best buddy.
Sandra's iPhone: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Oh, okay, good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And narrow cravings. So triggers. No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Nothing is came up. Okay, good.
Sandra's iPhone: No, I just
Sandra's iPhone: Okay, I don't want it in my life anymore.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. And so you're going to make a commitment to me if you would please that you won't try to lower your dose on Suboxone without talking to the doctor first
Sandra's iPhone: I'm not going to, again, you can bet on that I'm not doing that again.
Sandra's iPhone: Because yeah, it's not smart. I, I always have to
Sandra's iPhone: Try to prove something to myself. I don't know what
Sandra's iPhone: That I'm stupid.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Or, you know, we have, we've got to try something just to see that it doesn't work before we're willing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To be open.
Sandra's iPhone: I yes every time, don't touch this stuff. So I touch the stove and burn the shit out of my hand, you know,
Sandra's iPhone: For five
Sandra's iPhone: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I have this huge scar on my own is in
A
Sandra's iPhone: Line firsthand what it means when it says to recoil from a hot stove.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you think about that you again, use that as the the
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The ground and the basis for, you know, your tapering you know with Suboxone right now and you know Chris is more than willing to work with you as far as that goes, and do it in a manner that you're going to feel the least detox symptoms.
Sandra's iPhone: But
Sandra's iPhone: You know I want, I don't want us to have any pain. So if I quit taking it on my pants. Probably going to come back. Huh.
Yeah.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah. Dang it. I was hoping it would take my pain away forever.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It.
Sandra's iPhone: Would be fixed, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, no, it doesn't work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: At all, I wish it did. But you know it depending on what's going on with you back. You know, there will be something that you'll have to use, you know, to help manage that pain.
Sandra's iPhone: You know, do I want to
Sandra's iPhone: take pills again. No, I don't.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't even think that's an option anymore.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I mean,
Sandra's iPhone: I mean you do you mean a doctor wouldn't give me any more pills ever
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's what I mean. I know that they are really working and looking at different alternatives even pain management.
Sandra's iPhone: I can get hills doctors even
Sandra's iPhone: If I wanna know I
Sandra's iPhone: ain't good.
Sandra's iPhone: But I don't want to know. Oh, that's
Sandra's iPhone: Okay, I don't
Sandra's iPhone: They it just makes me sick.
Sandra's iPhone: I think
Sandra's iPhone: So,
Sandra's iPhone: Okay, well,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So if it's working. Don't try to fix it.
Okay.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah.
Sandra's iPhone: That's the best advice I've heard all day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, if it's working. Don't try to fix it. Nothing is broken.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Sandra's iPhone: I'm just so used to everything being broken. I don't know how it's
Sandra's iPhone: going good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Try to do this. No, let's not try to do it.
Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now it's working. Just keep it the way that it's worth that it's working.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah, I mean, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Most on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And if you still, you know, at some point, want to talk to the doctor, talk to him about it but you know definitely just maintain where you're at, if it's working.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah, you know, I'm not even
Sandra's iPhone: Do that anymore. That was stupid.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, well you learned your lesson. Know your signage in the stove.
Sandra's iPhone: Yes, I did.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright, so
Sandra's iPhone: Next,
Sandra's iPhone: Tuesday, then, not this Friday next Tuesday. Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, you'll see me next Tuesday I have you on the schedule for every Tuesday.
Sandra's iPhone: 6am
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: My time seven o'clock, your time. Okay.
And
Sandra's iPhone: I appreciate your time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Anytime. And if anything pops up, you know, you can call the VC and they will get me on the phone. Okay.
Sandra's iPhone: Thank you. I appreciate it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hey Tom, are you there. Yes. When I say see you later, and I will talk to you later.
Sandra's iPhone: Okay. Bye now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay bye SANDRA
I
Sandra's iPhone: Don't know I leave